Add istiod to the glossary page (#6899)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/concepts/security/index.md

    - [Google Auth](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/OpenIDConnect)

In all cases, Istio stores the authentication policies in the `Istio config

> store` via a custom Kubernetes API. [Istiod](/docs/reference/glossary/#istiod) keeps them up-to-date for each proxy,

Reviewer: Instead of links we reference glossary entries using a hover mechanism.
```suggestion
store` via a custom Kubernetes API. {{< gloss >}}Istiod{{< /gloss >}} keeps them up-to-date for each proxy,
```

Author: Ah, sorry.. I'll adjust.

Author: updated with https://github.com/istio/istio.io/pull/6899/commits/801b7a0e4665ec60b22a9f6e63a7b3227b588da0
